Hello, from Washington, D.C.!
Today at work I am reading the news for the first time.
I am really nervous.
But my boss, Ms. Weaver, is here to help me.
●●●
●●
●
Now, Anna, remember.
When we read the news we are always reading facts.
We never show our feelings.
Sure thing, Ms. Weaver.
●●●
●●
●
Great. Are you ready?
Yes.
●●●
●●
●
Okay, let’s try the first story!
Hello, and welcome to The News.
A new book is very popular with children and families.
This is it. It is about a lost duckling.
The duck's mother cannot find him.
●●●
●●
●
Stop!
Anna, when you say the words “duck” and “duckling” you look really sad.
I do?
●●●
●●
●
Yes. Sad is a feeling.
Sad is not a fact.
Sorry. Let me try again.
●●●
●●
●
Okay, she’s trying again!
And go.
Hello, and welcome to The News.
A new book is very popular with children and families.
This is it.
It is about a lost duckling.
The duck’s mother can not find him.
But a family gives him a home.
●●●
●●
●
Stop!
Anna, you are doing it again.
This story is very sad.
●●●
●●
●
I have an idea.
Let’s read the second story.
She’s reading the second story.
And … go!
Hello, and welcome to The News.
In Indiana, a grandmother is the first 80-year-old woman to win The Race Car 500.
That is awesome!
●●●
●●
●
Stop! Stop!
Anna, please -- no feelings.
Right.
But it is awesome that an 80-year-old grandmother wins a car race.
●●●
●●
●
Just the facts, Anna.
Right.
Hello, and welcome to The News.
In Indiana, a grandmother is the first 80-year-old woman to win The Race Car 500.
She rarely talks to reporters.
But when she does,
she often says, “Nothing can stop me now!”
I am very happy for her!
●●●
●●
●
Stop, stop, stop!!
Anna, you cannot say you are happy.
But I am happy.
●●●
●●
●
But you can’t say it.
Why?
●●●
●●
●
This is the News.
Happy and sad are feelings.
You can’t have them in The News.
Okay. I got it.
●●●
●●
●
Okay. Let’s try the third story.
She’s reading the third story!
Hello and welcome to The News.
City politicians in Big Town are using city money to have a big party on a cruise ship.
They are taking the money for the party from the children’s library.
What?! That makes me very angry.
●●●
●●
●
No, no, no!
Anna, you cannot say you are angry!
This is The News!!!
What can I do, Ms. Weaver?
Take out my feelings and put them here …
on the news desk?
●●●
●●
●
Yes. Yes. That’s right!
Now you’ve got it!
Let’s repeat the first story.
This is going to be a very long day.
Until next time!